They bullied me and Xiaoxue,
Do you want to see me?
If you don’t see it, you’re not a human being,
What is this for? Get this,
Let go of the handlebar! Come on!
Mr. Gao, Mr. Gao, put the sin back inside,
This is me, Mr. Gao,
walk slowly, walk slowly,
Do you want me to use me? You can’t go there without me,
It's all Mr. Gao's business,
If you want me to help, Mr. Gao,
I touched your person, do you have any objection?
Don't dare yet, don't dare,
Don't dare, don't dare, don't dare, sit down,
It's not necessary to give it to Jiangzhou headquarters,
Yangxi, get down here and ask the Gaoxia family to expand the investigation.
Don't bully me,
Don't you bully me, Dooley, Dooley, Dooley, Dooley, Dooley
You understand
Why did you take this step today?
You must not do this
Not like this
You can't follow me like this
You can't laugh like this
Not like this
Don't know what I missed
Take away I was wrong